Due to the expansion of Doggo Training School in the field of training emotional support and service dogs, there is a need for a record management system that organizes bunch of the school's records. This project aims to provide what DTS needs.

This project is titled Pawprint: Doggo Training School Records Management System that aims to provide DTS an information system that allows clients and administrators to create, edit, and delete records of dogs and dog owners. This also manages information about the enrolled dogs' training records such as the tricks learned, as well as the dogs' veterinary record and history.

The system also allows owners to enrol their furry dog babies to the training school by going to the "Enroll your Dog" webpage and by filling out the registration form with the right and accurate information details about the dog. After successfull registration, the dog's and owner's information is now recorded in the system which can be edited and deleted by the owners, trainers, and admin. Moreover, the website allows users to view dogs' and trainers' information through the "Meet the Dogs" and "Our Trainers" webpages.

Looking and exploring the system deeper, the system handles several data types such as integers, strings, lists, and dictionaries. Moreover, it records enrolled dog's ID number, name, breed, age, name of owner, treats, name of assigned trainer, dog's picture, learned tricks, and medical history. 

As what the training school needs, this web-based information system will allow dog owners, trainers, and school's admin to have a remote access to the school's records in a more organized way. Furthermore, this system could be one of the admin's sources from where they could get information subject to analyzation that would aid them in their decision-making process that could consequently help in improving more the training school's system in general. 

In this information systerm, owners of dogs are not able to edit trainer data, as they should not be able to without admin access. Likewise, dog trainers are only able to edit data about the tricks a dog knows rather than being able to edit a dogs profile data and medical records. Full implementation of this was not feasible due to time constraints and the fact that such fucntionality was not intended as an outcome of the project.
